README.md, before:

# A simple clearance management system for higher institutions in Nigeria

This system is an opiniated clearance system that enforces how the clearance process would be evaluated

## 💵Create payment

Payments rely on session, college and department and should be defined before attempting to create a payment fee

Here is a summary of how to create a payment fee

1. create a session or assign new level to session for existing one
2. select session, college and department level for payment fee
3. Enter amount
4. Submit form and you are good to go👍

## Clearance level

### 100 level

| Step | Activity                          | Clearance level |
| ---- | --------------------------------- | --------------- |
| 1    | Update profile                    | 0               |
| 2    | Upload state of origin document   | 1               |
| 3    | Upload birth certificate document | 2               |
| 4    | Complete all payments             | 3               |
| 5    | Course registration and approval  | 4               |

Commit message:

improve readme title and describe course form printability

README.md, after:

# ✨✨✨ A simple clearance management system for higher institutions in Nigeria ✨✨✨

This system is an opiniated clearance system that enforces how the clearance process would be evaluated

## 💵Create payment

Payments rely on session, college and department and should be defined before attempting to create a payment fee

Here is a summary of how to create a payment fee

1. create a session or assign new level to session for existing one
2. select session, college and department level for payment fee
3. Enter amount
4. Submit form and you are good to go👍

## Clearance level

### 100 level

| Step | Activity                          | Clearance level |
| ---- | --------------------------------- | --------------- |
| 1    | Update profile                    | 0               |
| 2    | Upload state of origin document   | 1               |
| 3    | Upload birth certificate document | 2               |
| 4    | Complete all payments             | 3               |
| 5    | Course registration and approval  | 4               |

## Course Form

Course form displays the courses available for registration based on students current level.
Registered courses requires approval from admin thereafter student gets access to print button and can print course form from the page directly
